Update component check list to describe MVP (#207)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_component_code_review.md

 1. Follow our [Style guidelines](development_guidelines.md)
 2. Use existing constants from [`const.py`](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant/blob/dev/homeassistant/const.py)
    * Only add new constants to `const.py` if they are widely used. Otherwise keep them on components level

>  3. Rebase (**do not merge**) to [catch up with latest dev branch](development_catching_up.html)

Reviewer: Let's drop this line to unblock this PR and we can discuss it in a future PR if we want.

Personally I don't think that it's better, as we are doing squash & merge, and so our repository won't be impacted. Rebase is going wrong too often. Yes, it's better for making sure no weird shit happens, but git error message suggests remote merging, and that's sadly causing a lot of havoc for people new to git. I think that putting it in here will raise the barrier unnecessarily.

Author: Sounds good.

 1. Follow our [Style guidelines](development_guidelines.md)
 2. Use existing constants from [`const.py`](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant/blob/dev/homeassistant/const.py)
    * Only add new constants to `const.py` if they are widely used. Otherwise keep them on components level

>  3. Add yourself to [`CODEOWNERS`](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant/blob/dev/CODEOWNERS) so you [automatically get requested to review](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-code-owners#codeowners-syntax) the code when it changes in the future

Reviewer 2: Should this be expected going forward? By not signing a code owner that has signalled to core this is a less prioritised integration and will probably be removed if it breaks

Reviewer 3: I don't think we should encourage every drive-by contributor to become a code owner.

Reviewer 4: CODEOWNERS are only notified if members of the organization. 

I would remove this line.

Author: Ah didn't know it only worked for members.  Removed.

>  4. Rebase (**do not merge**) to (catch up with latest dev branch)[https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/en/development_catching_up.html]

Reviewer 2: Yes!!

Reviewer 3: Why? A merge ends up the same since we squash. However, rebase is much harder to work with for the contributor. Every week has several rebase-gone-bad submissions notifying everyone and rebase conflicts are some of the hardest situations to help people with in chat.

Note, I am not arguing against rebase as such but if the contributor knows how to rebase she will do it anyway.

Author: Rebase should be a requirement.  While what you said is true when the PR is squashed, merging creates unrelated changes (add/subtractions/commits) in the PR itself and makes it significantly harder to review and follow-up on requested changes.  If there are conflicts, it's the roughly the same difficulty to resolve regardless of the flow used.

Reviewer 3: Huh? The opposite seems to be true. After a rebase and force-push, one must restart the review because you have no idea what changed.

My point about difficulty is that a rebase conflict can propagate through all commits on the branch but with a merge, it must only be resolved once. And you get a record of _how_ it was resolved.

_If you know what you are doing_, rebase can give you a cleaner PR. If not, it can make you lose your work. I don't think we should make blanket statements when we don't know which category the contributor is in.

Reviewer: Generally I try to avoid having contributors catch up with latest dev. It's rarely needed. If they have to, they should rebase, but as @amelchio said, it often goes wrong because a push will fail, and git instructs them to merge the changes from upstream down 🤷‍♂️

status = bridge.status()
```

### 5. Make your pull request as small as possible

> Keep a new integration to the minimum functionality needed for someone to get value out of the integration. This allows reviewers to sign off on smaller chunks of code one at a time, and lets us get your new integration/features in sooner. **Pull requests containing large code dumps (> 800 line adds excluding tests) will not be a priority for review and may be closed.**

Reviewer 5: 800 is also too much. I'd rather we not mention a number at all.

Author: I'd love to have some specificity so it's less opinionated.  Do you have an suggestion?

Reviewer 5: No, I don't think we should say a number. That will make it possible to reference the docs, if it's too long but just under what we write here. If we say it's too long in review, it's too long period. We already say they should limit to one platform and don't mix different types of changes in the same PR.

Author: Fine, removed.  =)

- Limit to a single platform 
- Do not add features not needed to directly support the single platform (such as custom services)
- Do not mix clean-ups and new features in a single pull request.
- Do not solve several issues in a single pull request.
- Do not submit pull requests that depend on other work which is still unmerged.

### 6. Event names
Prefix component event names with the component name itself. For example, use `netatmo_person` instead of `person` for the `netatmo` component.

### 7. Tests

> Strongly consider adding tests for your component to ensure it works correctly.

Reviewer 3: Hmm, I can accept that statement but I don't much agree with it. Tests per se don't ensure anything and for an initial implementation, spending the same effort on manual testing will probably find more defects. Especially for a piece of software like an integration where most bugs are due to misunderstood/unknown properties of the external device. So, just a suggested rewording:

```suggestion
Strongly consider adding tests for your component to hinder future regressions.
```

Author: How about "minimize future regressions"?  Hinder sounded a little odd to me.

Reviewer 3: That does sound better. I was struggling to find a word that did not promise to avoid regressions entirely.

status = bridge.status()
```

> ### 5. Make your pull request as small as possible

Reviewer: Make or keep?

status = bridge.status()
```

### 5. Limit initial pull request to Minimum Viable Product (MVP)

> Large pull requests mean there is a larger chance of finding problems that need to be addressed, and more code that needs to be reviewed between every requested change. Limit the initial pull request to the minimum functionality needed for someone to get value out of the integration. Once the initial pull request is merged, you can submit additional PRs for the remaining features. This allows reviewers to sign off on smaller chunks of code one at a time, and lets us get your new integration/features in sooner. **Pull requests containing large code dumps (> 800 line adds excluding tests) will not be a priority for review and may be closed.** Limit MVPs to the following:

Reviewer 2: There is also a greater risk of missing issues and if the developer is inexperienced a bad design.
Should we really explicitly have a reference to lines of codes? The inclusion of tests (which is required in some cases) also greatly increases the amount of code

Reviewer 3: This item is way too much prose for a check _list_. The message gets lost.

```suggestion
### 5. Make your pull request as small as possible

Do not solve several problems in a single pull request.

Do not mix clean-ups and new features in a single pull request.

Limit a new integration to the minimum functionality needed for someone to get value out of the integration. For example, only add a single platform in the initial pull request.

Do not submit pull requests that depend on other work which is still unmerged.
```

Reviewer 6: He explicitly excludes tests from that count. But I tend to agree, a MVP should be a short as possible.

Author: Shorter is always better.
- I do think there is a place for minimal explanation as that helps our community understand _why_.
- Note that this page is titled "checklist for _creating_ components".  Some of your suggestions are general PR guidelines (which I completely agree with).  This page probably gets used for that too, but think we should focus on creation.
- I think we should quantify what constitutes "large" (too large).  We do for small (it's 30 additions).

Reviewer 3: I agree that only my third item relates specifically to components.

We have (at least) three checklists with some duplication. Maybe they should be merged to one, with small sections for specific component/platform advice.

Author: I think that's a great idea and would be happy to help on that in a separate PR because I definitely that that pain when I first started contributing.

- A single platform

> - No custom services 

Reviewer 2: This fits better in a list containing stuff not wanted in an initial PR

> - Loaded via `configuration.yaml` _or_ config flow (if `configuration.yaml` cannot be used)

Reviewer 2: This should be rephrased; there should be no priority between the two and configuration.yaml is not a requirement. Especially since config entries enable a lot of other neat features down the line of the components life.

- No other features outside of supporting the single platform

### 6. Event names
Prefix component event names with the component name itself. For example, use `netatmo_person` instead of `person` for the `netatmo` component.

### 7. Tests

> Strongly consider adding tests for your component to ensure it works correctly. Pull Requests with tests are treated with a higher priority than those without.

Reviewer 2: Are they? Has this been explicitly stated previously?

Reviewer 3: If it is not a requirement, it should not be on the checklist. "Okay, I strongly considered adding tests. Check."

Personally, I actually tend to favor reviewing PRs without tests since tests are very hard to review :)

Reviewer 6: Probably not, but wouldn't it make sense from a QA perspective to require tests in general?

Reviewer 5: I don't prioritize based on tests. I prioritize known contributors first, and then I pick from the back of my notifications, to start with the oldest PRs.

Reviewer 4: Just remove the second sentence.

Author: - We can't require tests, but I think we should be encouraging it.  I was hoping to we could create incentive by saying they are treated with higher priority.
- I find it actually easier to review PRs that have tests because that gives me more confidence the changes actually work.  If the author put the effort into writing tests, I think that should be prioritized over someone who didn't, but understand if we're not ready to do this as an organization.

Reviewer: I will prioritize PRs that have tests. I can update LabelBot to add a `has-tests` label too.

Author: I love that idea.  Then reviewers can prioritize if they wish.  We may also want to consider updating the `small-pr` logic to exclude tests, so it's not a "punishment" to write tests where it otherwise may have been small.
